apila 14
desapila_dir 0
ir_a 550
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 1
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 1
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
lee
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 2
suma
apila 1
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
reserva 1
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 1
suma
apila 0
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 2
suma
apila 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
igual
ir_f 126
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 120
desapila_ind
ir_a 61
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
suma
menor
ir_f 152
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 1
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 146
desapila_ind
ir_a 51
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
suma
mayor
ir_f 178
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 2
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 172
desapila_ind
ir_a 51
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila false
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 211
desapila_ind
ir_a 13
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
ir_f 238
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 232
desapila_ind
ir_a 51
ir_v 196
apila_dir 0
apila 3
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 1
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 1
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 1
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
and
ir_f 325
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 1
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 283
desapila_ind
ir_a 262
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 10
menor
ir_f 311
desapila_ind
apila DIR_secuencia
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
suma
apila 0
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 1
suma
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 2
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 319
desapila_ind
ir_a 262
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 0
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 351
desapila_ind
ir_a 262
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 10
menor
ir_f 371
desapila_ind
apila DIR_secuencia
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
suma
apila 1
neg
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 1
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila 0
distinto
ir_f 437
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 1
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 416
desapila_ind
ir_a 394
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 2
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 430
desapila_ind
ir_a 394
libera 1
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 461
desapila_ind
ir_a 394
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 1
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 1
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
desapila_dir 0
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
apila 0
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
suma
escribe
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
apila 1
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
ir_f 536
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
ir_v 504
apila_dir 0
apila 3
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 1
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_arbol
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 559
desapila_ind
ir_a 3
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_arbol
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 573
desapila_ind
ir_a 252
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_arbol
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 587
desapila_ind
ir_a 384
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_secuencia
clona 10
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 601
desapila_ind
ir_a 485
